# README

This repository contains the project sources for the Coursera course **Module 3: Getting and Cleaning Data**: _Data, Connetivity and Intelligence: Data Science Track_. Within the top directory, you will find the **run_analysis.R** file for tidying the given messy data set in the course project. Given the project input data set in the same directory, executing the run_analysis.R script file will generate a tidy data set in **tidy_dataset2.txt** file. A **CodeBook** is also provided in the top level directory. The codebook describes the tidy data tidy\_dataset2, the transformations executed on the input messy data set to generate the tidy_dataset2.txt file, and the definition of the variables in tidy_dataset2.

Due to the large file size of the generated tidy\_dataset2.txt and the difficulty in upload such large file into the Coursera submission page, R scripts chunkify\_tidy_data.R and reconstruct\_tidy_data.R are also added into the top level directory of the repository. chunkify\_tidy\_data.R splits tidy\_dataset2 into multiple text files of 100 rows each (a total of 103 text files with file name pattern chunk\_<i>.txt). reconstruct_tidy_data.R reconstructs tidy\_dataset2 from the multiple output files of chunkify\_tidy_data.R and writes the output into tidy\_dataset2.txt. It also writes a names\_tidy\_dataset2.txt file which contains a list of the variable names of tidy_dataset2. The output chunks of chunkify\_tidy\_data.R are written under the _chunks_ directory located in the same directory level as the script. The output of reconstruct\_tidy\_data.R is written under a "reconstructed" directory located in the same directory level as the script.
  
A chunkified version of tidy_dataset2.txt is available under the _chunks_ directory. One can reconstruct the file tidy_dataset2.txt from these chunks by executing the script reconstruct_tidy_data.R with the same level as the _chunks_ directory.
